ServiceInfo model improvements and deprecations (#1311)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2022-04-28-serviceinfo-model-improvements.md

---
author: epenet
authorURL: https://github.com/epenet
title: "ServiceInfo model improvements and deprecations"
---

> As of Home Assistant Core 2022.6, access to discovery information via, the previously deprecated, dictionary methods have been removed.

Author: Should the comma be moved?
```suggestion
As of Home Assistant Core 2022.6, access to discovery information via the, previously deprecated, dictionary methods have been removed.

```

This applies to the `DhcpServiceInfo`, `MqttServiceInfo`, `SsdpServiceInfo`, `UsbServiceInfo`, and `ZeroconfServiceInfo` instances.

> Custom integrations are required to migrate to the new dataclass properties.

Author: ```suggestion
Custom integrations are required to migrate to use the new dataclass properties.

```

---
author: epenet
authorURL: https://github.com/epenet
title: "ServiceInfo model improvements and deprecations"
---

> As of Home Assistant Core 2022.6, access to discovery information via dictionary methods, previously deprecated, has been removed for `DhcpServiceInfo`, `MqttServiceInfo`, `SsdpServiceInfo`, `UsbServiceInfo` and `ZeroconfServiceInfo`. Custom components are required to migrate to the new dataclass properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Home Assistant Core 2022.6, access to discovery information via, the previously deprecated, dictionary methods has been removed.

This applies to the `DhcpServiceInfo`, `MqttServiceInfo`, `SsdpServiceInfo`, `UsbServiceInfo`, and `ZeroconfServiceInfo` instances.

Custom integrations are required to migrate to the new dataclass properties.
```
